Be in service of perfection 🙇‍♂️
Life is better lived when you are responsible for something you love.
trust and responsibility is huge!
There is positive and negative peer pressure. Use your emotions as a guide.
play this at my funeral :)
curiosity and creation are always noble!
"mute the world and create your own"
The world is your oyster ;)
create the set first, then look for it's power law.
find errors, correct errors.
will all work eventually become remote work? with vr and humanoids?
"having a safety net turns your creative work into play"
what actually matters most in life? relationships no?
"why" is sooooooooooooooooo important
the universe is the codebase, and with every day, the code executes more and more. multiverse.exe file haha
it's helpful to frame humanity as a giant ancient tribe.
an llm is just like a word calculator
the more problems I solve, the better human I become.
create magic buttons that transform the world
try and be as useful as you can be
the gold and the virgin are behind the dragon
“Don’t look around, look up”
Greed and selfishness in positive-sum games are a good thing
One domino at a time
the japanese are so cool!!!
the bullshit and low-character radars go off!
forgive and love, for yourself
all work can be remote work once humans nail VR + humanoids
"cash is king, passport is queen"
don't waste time! dost thou not have one life?
~"the master uses the fewest moves to fulfill her intention"
if the attempt is noble, failure is more respected than not trying.
people compass: do you feel better or worse after spending time with them?
if it's funny, do it.
live life on your own terms
with people, leave the door open, keep the bar high.
i like uncorrupted people, or people that can uncorrupt themselves
faces are easier to remember than names
Life advice: digest david deutsch’s 2 books
“@balajis.eth was right” means “@balajis.eth will be right”
Selling is just telling truths.
You can create more demand by educating the future market and pointing to an invisible problem.
I like kids and really old people because they don’t play games and i can trust them
mind viruses are more deadly than actual viruses in the long run
most of the fun is on the edges
why are people afraid of being themselves? (i be guilty)
what a name its giving les goh
its crazy the creative cross-pollination: ocean man by ween spawned spongebob. scott pilgrim by plumtree spawned scott pilgrim.
Africa is the heart of Pangea.
the world cup is so cathartic and epic
in living, there is nothing to lose, everything to gain.
The reality that you want is programmable.
It does not break the laws of physics to succeed!
The internet is psychedelic for humanity.
have no rear view mirror!
im finally a clear thinker, clear acter!!!
looking back, pedestalizing people can be a mistake.
to gauge the integrity of someone, look at the integrity of their friends.
sell water at the end of a marathon
the most interesting things in life are not on the map
it's crazy when the children surpass the parents
the best writing is not meant for publication
Every audience is a leads list
help those who help themselves
If you go back to your hometown, it’s insane how many people don’t even know about the basics of new technology.
play is the way :)
"you can't get a baby in 1 month by getting 9 women pregnant"
AI slop needs an AI mop.
If you want to strike a deal with someone, align interests.
Most people will pollute your mind. Some will clean it.
Be a proactive problem-solver.
You develop your taste by eating and cooking.
Set the truth free.
you never know who is in the audience.
live in the limit
a german called me a "shine guy" haha
life is a psychedelic experience.
it is in everyone's best interest that you are at your best.
There’s infinite pie we just gotta cook
what ive learned is that high character is not enough. people respect high ability.
Confidence comes from competence and competence comes from practice
It does not break the laws of physics to succeed.
dont get the perfect answer to the wrong question. dont get the perfect solution to the wrong problem.
work backward from perfection.
i am cultivating relationships for life.
Be loyal to yourself.
kids are pure humans :)
what were a prodigy at? a natural at?
when you are most attractive to yourself, you are most attractive to others.
"youth is wasted on the young"
the curious shall inherit the earth.
"limit the details, and make each detail perfect."
this is how i want to be on the team
Competition is for losers. Collaboration is for winners.
we must take individual responsibility for our lives and our actions and choices.
we should rename classical music simply. i dont want "symphony #25 ajsdnasdbkadnaksdjs" i want "mountain stream" or something as the title
Imperfection in the arena is better than perfection from the stands.
You can prompt the multiverse. it’s a perfectly trained infinite data set.
“Life is too short to say no.”
engineering can be extremely beautiful
there is so much adults can learn from children. better to be at 0 than negative.
life is marketed as a pvp game but its really a pve game, with the sword and shield being curiosity and creation.
what the fuck haha bombadiil.ai haha
we live in a hard magic system: physics.
i wonder who the 1000 new elons will be
david senra is the aristotle that will create alexanders.
the only unforgivable thing is not forgiving.
eric jorgenson is the ryan holiday of tech.
Why is the way.
If it’s funny, say it.
there is infinite room for greatness.
The best memes spread and last, and memetic champions are the spearheads of humanity and take advantage of the mimetic tendency.
Reality is the best teacher.
all problems are explain-able. all solutions are creat-able.
Tell people that youre grateful for them, its a simple double sided medicine thats free and genuine
what you want is a pop classic. pop = viral, classic = lasting.
can i date taylor swift just to turn into a song? lol
almost 500 songs! and #3 behind lennon-mccartney in terms of #1s:
most people dont do the simple things well, the bar is on the floor and is accessible to all
i love how i say what people are thinking but just dont say
"the quality of your life is the quality of the people you surround yourself with" and are!
walt disney and steve jobs collab 🤝
rule 35: anything you can think of has been made with ai
would i cry if they died? thats how i know if i truly loved that person
art will meet you where you are
follow your heart ❤️‍🔥
its really funny if you think of geopolitics in an anthropomorphized way. for example the USA is uncle Sam etc.
art will not reveal the depths of its beauty until you have dived deep enough to see it.
“It’s not like this breaks the laws of physics”
"what love is is that you are called to beauty"
kids know how to play way better than most adults do. adults need to play and laugh way more!
we don't transact with family or friends.
Follow the funny ;)
music is my church
The family unit is sacred.
The mind is powered by the legs.
break out of mental prison like the shawshank redemption
don't get ahead of yourself, do one thing well before you add.
practice practice practice in private
the ancients spent just as much time in the gymnasium as they did in the academy.
classical music gives goosebumps
problem founder company product market
aristotle (philosopher) made alexander (king)
fairweather friends are not friends
socrates died for "why" "why" is perhaps the most important force in the world
if america was uncle sam, who is interneta? the internet country
i recently debugged some mind viruses in me, now im better yay haha
balaji is a tech prophet. i like how pmarca said balaji, thiel, and vgr were lateral thinkers
we're fighting a war of art
i love singapore. shit just works! :)
"the quality of people around you is your entire life"
alex karp is the kanye west of tech
there is infinite room for curiosity and creativity
legacy schooling lacks relevance
ns has reached critical mass
i love derek sivers what a guy!
we are all equal in the eyes of death
there is a throughline through all your recurring problems
"the heart of morality is to not destroy the means of error-correction"
you need the lightning, and the bottle.
we are living in the stone age
the great thing about capitalism is that all of humanity is helping all of humanity.
people will always need to be "in the loop"
this is memetic warfare. antimemetics are interesting. you can practice at smaller scales and ramp up scale.
i have all the tools now at my fingertips, its just a question of time
common sense aint common
alyssa liu and haaland are so fun! what a life
balaji talks about a class of problems called "type faster" problems.
play is the way
humanity is in need of a psychedelic transformation. domacide and kairos are afoot.
there is infinite room for truth goodness and beauty
you can tell a lot about someone by their music taste. it shows what they find beautiful.
there is an invisible memetic war going on
some women broke my self esteem, and some women healed my self esteem haha
don't disrespect the ancients! your ancestors!
computers dont have problems, they dont have theories about the world. we as humans do!
if someone gave you the past, they deserve some of your future.
women usually are in the middle of society, and men are usually at the top and bottom of society.
there is an explanation for everything
dont start a new coin company or country unless theres a good moral or artistic reason to do so:
the united states is already like a hanzeatic league in a way. make america states again.
the opportunity costs in this day and age are INSANELY HIGH:
when the baby boomers fall, the baby boom will rise
the opportunity costs are exponentially getting higher
ive been charging up a spirit bomb. get ready
ai is best used to make legos, but not to orchestrate them. like music stems
i wanna be the rick rubin / ed sheeran of tech
there is no creator's block. it's actually "fear of shit practice"
SELLING IS TRADING (in an ancient sense), but just in 2 steps.
there is bad money to take: a bad investment partner
close loops yes, but the good will kill the great
if you have phenomenal taste, you need to cook
jensen huang is a tortoise archetype of founder
to find your dreams in life, just notice
don't compare outputs if you haven't matched inputs
claude code terminals are stoves. have 4 open at a time
"when the student is ready, the master appears"
learn history, create history
baby adam is now taking the wheel
"ambitious visions are cheap"
psychedelics have saved my life on multiple occasions
capitalistic envy i think is because people dont see the input to output process. only the scorecard
baby einstein is valuable due to time discounting. applies to baby hitler too.
history is a banger!:
me trying to learn the economy:
tywin lannister is rockefeller
women are the glue of humanity
michael jackson and tiger woods are the same archetype
if you want to live a badass life, study badass lives
im so grateful for my friends i wanna cry 🥹😭 catharsis is the shit haha
the superorganism's time and attention is going somewhere! it should be allocated wisely.
the most interesting things are emergent and not on the map: true beauty and novelty
a well designed game is fun even if you're "losing". apply this to life. deutsch's "fun criterion"
money, when finite, just passes hands, but the solutions at the point of sale, can pile up infinitely!
a noble attempt is never shameful
elan lee is the brandon sanderson of board games
i love my species
set and setting matter even when not on psychedelics
pinterest x gaussian splits x vr will go crazy. world models and shii
no final truths. final truths are static traps. optimism via error-correction. anti-dogmatism.
im interested in the study of internet metrics, not just quantity but quality.
people wanna have artistic sex with your body of work haha
eventually when looking up a video on youtube, youll see "generate video" also
OP brother combos: collison, winklevoss, who else?
your tools only perform to the level that you do.
early is a skill
Find and buy the solution or make and sell it
humans that don't yet know how to create play zero-sum games.
teach to crystallize learnings
the whole world is a classroom
we forget that humans are dynamic and can rise up or fall
ladies and gentleman we have gas in the tank
china is a land country internet is a cloud country
wait till you have pocket aces, then go all in. trust in your cards.
one album is all it takes
dont take someone's attention in an unworthy way. earn their time.
there is infinite room for excellence
"the best part is no part"
protect and put on offense, your time and attention
africa "is the future"
if you are infinitely curious and can cast great spells (well-formed questions), you will succeed!
math and email are king.
the rules you thought were set in stone actually turn to water
numbers give you confidence.
if you can't explain your concept clearly, you lose persuasion points.
80% quality +shipped > 100% not shipped
how do network effects start and end?
bro life is like were all in the minecraft server, but its real.
i have seen the matrix. i have left plato's cave, up and into another plato cave...
character is not enough, you need ability too!
women want brandy melville. men want brandywine bridge.
the root of all problems is a lack of imagination
the most interesting things are emergent and not on the map
music is one of the most perfect symbols
train and perform train and perform train and perform
and rafe kelley are cool
gotta love me an instrumental album. isss worldbuilding yo!
shipping is good. shipping is good. shipping is good.
often the micro is the same pattern as the macro
the creative inputs, process, and outputs are equally important
First cultivate excellent taste, then learn to cook so well that your taste is gratified
dont be a dinosaur, be a mammal dont be a mammal, be an android
identity may be a waste of time? idk
never push the ladder down, but always be clear that the system is meritocratic.
if you can explain the other person's perspective better than they can articulate it, that is extremely persuasive.
"the dosage makes the poison"
take your mushrooms kids
we are points in vector space
"the child is to the adult as the adult is to the sage"
the most fun things were not on your map until now. the depths of reality are infinite and beautiful.
i love to spend time with myself / in solitude
elan lee is to board games as brandon sanderson is to fantasy books
where the demon investors at haha
if you're not watching the video on 1x, you shouldn't watch it.
subtract negative compounding add positive compounding
the people that use psychedelics properly are mentally unlocked and unleashed
if you dont have a strong yes, the nos are harder to say.
The physical manifestation is downstream of the memetics and knowledge
Trust is rebuilt when the track record is solid
It’s in everyone’s best interest that you’re at your best.
"top 10 gdp by planet"
sharpen your mind with pen and paper
"your fear of losing is currently stronger than your will to win"
learn how to self-untangle. s tier life skill.
a computer keyboard is an instrument like a guitar is. or just like a piano keyboard of course...
the most common mistake of an engineer is to overengineer (speaking from experience)
what makes for a beautiful mind?
unblock and unleash yourself
homework is evil. REBEL!
an s tier amazing excellent awesome life is "hard-to-vary"
"women. cant live with them, cant live without them" 😂
"you're right" is hella persuasive
i love the dojo. its friendly sparring to improve each other
life is an open world mmorpg
"this was not on the map" there is so much power in the breath
pinterest as a search engine is so funny
If lee kuan yew or benjamin franklin were leader, youd happily pay your taxes
"trade never hurt a nation" this also applies to people hehe
most washes away in time
if you read biographies, you live 1000 years.
when you teach, you're also teaching yourself.
the UK used to be a shining diamond in the world
once africa masters the singapore-model, we'll have wakanda forever
tyla is a south african idol
justin beiber and neymar are the same archetype
AI is tool not tool-user.
all that programming is is thinking critically / step by step. you can program reality btw if you didn't know...
zcash is the son of bitcoin
there is so much unmined gold on arxiv
the best cryptocurrencies seem to be btc eth sol zec and quantus?
track records build trust.
you can overthink, but you need to overact to match.
what is the optimistic vision? what is the action plan?
history is an s tier part of the self-educative curriculum
civil debate is great!
moneymaking is not a sin - ben franklin dont make profit a dirty word - lee kuan yew
crisp clear communication is ABSOLUTELY an s tier life skill
the only war i approve of is the war on problems, death, entropy. fuck that shit
the time is going to pass anyway, how will you spend it?
All problems are solvable in this adventure of life.
lee kuan yew the stand up comedian:
we are in the stone age, in the context of us being at the beginning of infinity
music is for time travel
kdb and ed sheeran are the same archetype
mimicry gets you to 80% of the way there, then you need to be yourself fully.
being infinitely curious is a life cheatcode, and having fun
if you study the all time greats, your learning curve is shortened
"writing math" sounds better than "writing code"
"you can choose a life of service and adventure"
sums me up @visakanv
NEVER DISRESPECT THE BASS
i didnt realize that something great could be so simple, maybe that was the case the whole time
Wheres your sense of adventure?
Pair critical thinking with critical action.
If life is a game, who are the best players you’ve come across?
Ive been “collecting pokemon” but not battling / training them until now
Alright boys were aura maxxing now
love points you in the right direction
derek sivers' "useful not true" converges with taleb's "practical aphorisms"
if your bromance isnt like this i dont want it
THE VISION IS CLEAR
fun is the moat
solving problems is extremely noble
im at the finally changes + atonement part
The designing should be as fun as the playing
the ancients pointed to infinity, and so will we
the secret is to keep life EXTREMELY simple
even at the highest level they have fun, when the stakes are "highest"
death lowers the stakes
Its crazy to realize that all people throughout time and space experience the same one reality.
how do you quantify health? blueprint/dontdie quantifies all organs?
do not underestimate history, mythology, and religion.
how will this affect you in 100 years? how will this affect humanity in 1000 years?
every album is a world every book is a world every company is a world every game is a world
we never left the playground.
it all boils down to problem solving.
selfishness and altruism are only halves of the answer. the meta-answer is creativity that gets EVERYONE what they need and want.
source sort deconstruct construct.
im really learning that "shipped" is better than "perfect". you just need to get the thing to "shippable"
i've been casual in life for far too long. it's time to step up my game... :)
you can have the correct blueprint but you must construct. you can have the correct recipe but you must cook.
hell yeahs get you to heaven
the gottmans should have a reality show like chopped but for relationships
notepad is the new llm for me. i can just ask questions to myself and give answers to myself. who knew!
control and protect your time and attention
the resonant will converge
video games are extremely underrated low stakes learning environments. david deutsch and elon approve
i dont understand why people desire fame for its own sake. that seems shallow.
ns is solving title 1 conjecture institute is solving title 2 memetic engineering is solving title 3
when i have my hands on a humanoid, i be makin somethin good
its insane to think that messi and elon will be surpassed in time, as pele and rockefeller were
i just wanna be a founding daddy
people are the best search engines
recruit as found, not as needed. "dig the well before you need it"
"if youre going through hell, keep going"
what is the dead simple solution?
find the weave, the throughline of your days and life
forge order out of chaos. conjecture and criticize.
people will be in charge of planets one day? woah
all quests are fun
the east is the tide, the west is the wave
Begin with the quest, then the companions: destroy the one ring, then add samwise gamgee.
“Its not about you”
The beginning of infinity is a hero’s journey.
TODAYS GONNA BE AN AMAZING DAY! Also rome wasnt built in a day. Lay the bricks of the cathedral?
blueprints arent enough, construction is needed
twas a good x day
i think i only want to consume if i produce. the ratio has been way too off lately
purposely professional: linkedin (cringe) purposely personal: finsta? farcaster aksdnjanksdnkasndn idk this is just a seed of a thought fuck it
often doing it manually solves the problem rather than automating (unless a colossal boring task)
just shoot the shot (note to self)
vibe musician vibe author vibe engineer
ai is a tool. brilliant art still needs to paste taste-filters
so many people seem to be just noise. why? the power law?
I LOVE LIFE. i hope you do too :)
this is cool. also "brand is a lagging indicator of reality quality"
PROTECT YOUR TIME. TIME IS LIFE
everyone is a memetic champion / vessel
making a video 60fps is OP
this is a cool shot
goku is the perfect exemplar of masculinity. and guitar solos also
post e/a and e/acc is crit/rat
"in the short run the market is a voting machine, in the long run a weighing machine."
when is rick rubin gonna use an ai music agent and dropping the album?
privacy leads to authenticity publicity leads to incentives
what would you do if you were 5?
i guess you need to be prolific to be goated
if you want to be a bender, you need to let go of fear
unconscious incompetence -> conscious incompetence -> conscious competence -> unconscious competence this is "educating intuition"
reddit is the stack overflow of minds
align yourself with the beauty of it all. trust that the music will hold you.
you have all the tools and knowledge at your fingertips to make your dreams come to life
clawdbot 2026 feels similar to chatgpt 2022
if the internet was a country, what would its gdp ppp be?
Map the idea maze, walk out of the idea maze.
if you ask good questions you get good answers, pretty simple...
fifa 15 soundtrack SLAPSSSSSSSS
for code sites, use tld .sh for media sites, use tld .md
Memetic antibodies to mind viruses…
there are infinite opportunities, life is amazing
its going to take leverage, knowledge, and a bit of time. the ingredients for the potion...
exactly! humans are a slow species to ramp up, so longevity helps us extend our compounding!
grok is amazing wow
if its so good for a small relevant audience, word of mouth (preselection and trust-laden) will spread it like a germ culture
life is the greatest open world mmorpg that there is
i think naruto taps into that timeless story of the outcast proving himself
rip clawdbot, i like that name a lot
explode onto the scene. first what is the scene
turn research into development
open source is goated
if you're not having fun, you're not learning
every mind virus has a mind medicine
take your craft seriously, don't take your self seriously
if you just subtract 1-2 things, if you just add 1-2 things, the power law will carry you
what will actually matter in 1 10 100 1000 years?
"in the dark all cats are grey" HA
dont take your dreams to the grave
without a moral imperative, motivation wanes
if they continue to have the problem, they'll continue to need the solution
build the lever, point the lever, pull the lever.
chrome extensions are like minecraft mods. experimental branches before merging to main, great for ecosystems.
best new modern rock band of the last decade:
make errors, correct errors. create, curate.
Opportunity comes from opportunity. Have a bias for action""
the algorithm of life: repeat what works"" - munger
sceniuses and golden ages are birthing crucibles
the todo-list is infinite, so sort by relevance.
inner demons? how about inner angels and guardian angels?
follow the why and the wow. wonderism.
Knowledge and skills can come, motivation comes first.
think of milestones in magnitudes: 1 10 100 1000 10000 etc
studying books and people is OP, you can live 1000 years by studying 9 other lives basically
"in our infinite ignorance, we are all alike"
Ovservations and explanations are deeply intertwined when in the flow state
fiction authors discuss politically incorrect topics through their "fictional" characters
what you want is a congruent philosophy, it should be simple and beautiful in its simplicity
"what you are seeking is seeking you"
what gets measured gets managed""
george harrison was such a sleeping giant haha
paypal mafia 1998-2002 ~ fc barcelona 2008-2012
okay jordan peterson, i CLEANED MY ROOM!!!
i just want to be aphex twin...
turn the parasocial to social
where is the modern power law of scenius in the world? the internet?
don't paint a picture, let time paint the picture.
how do you know how to allocate your time, and therefore your life, best?
morality comes before difficulty
love is the path to mastery
sharp books sharpen the mind
is entropy just infinite problems?
if you had a cure for cancer, what would you do with it?
dynamic optimism: i know there is an answer out there. past peoples used to call this faith.
Download google earth just for the overview effect
is the dao de ching of business
you're allowed to make mistakes just keep error correcting!
how i feel applying haha
all problems are solvable. there is an answer!
what is the most true most good most beautiful thing you can imagine?
warms my engineer heart 😭
The only law i follow is the power law haha
What does the tiny version look like?
everyone's living a reality show haha
network states of the internet
the process should be just as beautiful as the output. the means and ends both matter.
every project is a video game
john gottman and james sexton should do a pod together lol. also deutsch and vervaeke
Symbols are more powerful than mere words
All this “wisdom” but what do i have to show for it? :(
you can be on top of things, AND get to the bottom of things?
you can learn anything
aim as high as you can.
david senra is my rusticus
Every try is a success :)
life can be too short to not spend your time on the highest true good beautiful that you can imagine
i want lee kuan yew reading my audiobooks. banger:
china is pragmatic slow fast and clinical
Who knew solitude was good and healthy? Superman was onto somethin
i think im going to be really successful, but i think its going to take a long long time
i'm addicted to toolmaking, research, and beautiful creative processes
i want to vibeproduce (music) vibewrite (philosophy) vibecode (technology)
what is the throughline of your life? what are all your experiences culminating to?
The shield is the coolest weapon / piece of gear
Head in the clouds, feet on the ground
"in the short term its an election, in the long term its a weighing scale" ~ buffet on the stock market
there is a weighted score. not absolute, not relative, but related to your relationship to the thing at hand
is the true good beautiful quantifiable?
the more you grow humanity's pie, the more you deserve a better slice
"be so good they cant ignore you" also be so good they come back
until you have experience, your words don't hold weight
dig the well before you're ready to drink""
everything is either game design or game playing
performance is bounded, success is unbounded
Does self-belief have to do with placebo?
You can both compare maps between people, and compare your map with the territory.
If we designed better pve, we wouldnt pvp
Using google earth helps get you that “stoic view from above”
Bad reviews are your sorted tickets
before mastering a game, master choosing the right games to play first
too many referees spoil the game.
the universe is constantly conducting experiments
don't underestimate social motivation
i'm only interested in the extremes and the harmonic balances
you are a point in vector space. you are a point in the multiverse.
claim an emoji visa -> ❤️‍🔥 adam? -> 🦖🎸💗🤠👽👹🐵🦄🦧🐒🐐🦣🐢🦕🐬🦑🐋🐦‍🔥🦚🧞🤺🧙🏄‍♂️⚗️🧪⚖️🧲🧰🛡️🪃🥒🛸⛵⛺🧼☯️♾️⚛️🔱✳️
pay attention to what gives you goosebumps
it should be minimal, it should be subtle, it should be invisible, it should be beautiful
the greats aren't dead. their spirits live on through us. socrates is still in our mindshare.
This is a public diary cause casts are baby essays
don't underestimate your mind's creativity
alizee was a french idol
the todo list is infinite so it really is about how you approach it / play the game
if it's too easy its not fun, if its too hard its not fun. video game design applies to life
reminder: this is just the beginning :)
If you know a and z, put dominos in between
What about instead of 100% perfectionism you try 80%ism?
You are your own niche. You are a point in vector space.
The process SHOULD be the best part. Means and ends both matter
The reason its lindy is because the idea is well criticized and battle tested in the realm of ideas and time
explanations and experiments in parallel? how do you know when you're over-explaining vs over-experimenting?
if you have beyerdynamic headphones. respect...
proud of the 750word.com streak
ai interviewers to get relevant context from users is underutilized imo
all problems are solvable, it's a question of understanding and action
if it matters, your long term motivation will not waver, knowledge and skills come after
there has to be a better way to surf the web and process tabs
people are genetic conjectures
the creative process is the same. the musical creative process is the same as the technological creative process
tldr: drink 3 cups of coffee
sigil wen is like gen z justin kan
not mine but not bad: nonfiction and fiction both matter
Music is so healing what the fuck
Begin with the problem or the people
aspergers was so 2021
The fewer steps the better
.fun is an s tier tld
What is the 90/10 solution? The minimal answer
prep for the white swans also
everything can be broken down into actionable baby steps
i can only be motivated REALLY, for others
1517fund:1000 zfellows:10,000 thielfellows:200,000 this seems a common path pattern
"do 1000 thing" - @visakanv
Drop 1 human in a jungle and it’s prey. Drop 100 humans in a jungle and it’s the apex predator.
A string of great days is a great life
how do you detect previously hidden opportunities?
you can find anything interesting, it just depends on how you approach and frame something
create your own power law with bodies of work
be prolific and find your tribe
You can actually thread the needle
morality comes first bitches
if you have a north star, navigating the ocean has much more anchored-direction than not
why why why why why why why why why
if someone bad-faith critiques a noble attempt, that says more about them
wabi sabi is the way. the ancients pointed to infinity
ayn rand's selfishness needs a rebrand. its more like "self-prioritization"
leverage up!: code:github media:youtube capital:angellist labor:wellfound
derek sivers is goated
what would be the funny way to do it? i just cant help myself when theres a funny path before me
get it down to a science, then an engineering. get it down to an explanation, then an experiment.
Sort the dominos. Focus on the 8020. And leverage up
Mistakes are INEVITABLE. So might as well embrace them and do them small and correct them fast if you can
I dont think its a coincidence that elon plays hella video games. Its a low stakes simulation environment to learn things
we dont know an infinite amount, so problem solving, curiosity, fun flow play love are all important
be a domain hoarder
i just want to be the next marcus aurelius, is that so much to ask?
does it give you goosebumps or not? does it evoke a sense of true good beautiful wonder and awe?
if you want the right answers, ask the right questions
many people result to pvp because they dont know that they can pve well
If you feel like you’re out of time, what you really need is more leverage
today's pro plan will be tomorrow's free plan (see llms)
"be the extreme in your craft, in the age of leverage"
Its okay to sketch in public. You can always erase later
What if you took life to the limits of your imagination? (Infinite btw)
brad jacobs is so cute and optimistic. i stan
s tier album. thank me later:
edwin land was steve jobs before steve jobs henry kaizer was elon musk before elon musk
how do you live a phenomenally beautiful life?
the technology humanity business is a puzzle
truth goodness and beauty maxx
im a creative i need to create im a giver i need to give
in shonen, the person who can copy the powers of others is hella strong
hiring is like pokemon catching
if you choose the right game, putting your skin in is effortless, or at least easier
stories ring through history
You only have one life you should focus on things that matter
Gottman institute and conjecture institute >>>
Surf. The power law it’s a big kahuna.
Be on the beat of the universe
Sometimes life saves you from what you want
If you understand the systems of the universe, you can program reality
a lead + an offer = a deal
"take your work seriously, don't take yourself seriously."
pay attention to what you find fun and exciting
tribalism kinda sucks ass
i have felt the spirit of the logos animate and breathe life into me. wow i never thought id say that
God in the old testament was more pagan than christian haha
just get to the next island on the grand line just get to the next pokemon gym
problem + solution = progress
homeschooled / montessori-ed / TCS-ed kids seem to be overpowered
effective altruism got the diagnosis right. e/acc got the cure right.
investors and hiring managers can be wrong haha
technology is so fascinating and exciting, im having a personal cambrian explosion of ideas
surf the power law
Child labor done right is good for kids. See 1517fund for the thesis
So universal explainers are universal constructors?
You are a starter pokemon
If its too hard, you might need to set up more dominos in between a and b
The west has the best individuals. The east has the best collectives.
If life is an open world rpg, most people are npcs
good apps essays songs are hard to vary
you can learn ANYTHING you want. remember to enjoy :)
there is no shame in a noble attempt. people want to help those who want to help
vibe coders are wizards casting spells haha
what is true? what is good? what is beautiful?
if life is the best game of all time, problems are opportunities to gain XP
I want a single ui with farcaster and x side by side. The same for soundcloud and spotify
Does the meme replicate tho? Does the product sell tho? Same same
Its about time philosopers became kings, and kings philosophers
There is only one truth, and maybe no-one has it
Osmosis is important to expose yourself, expand your mind, and scenius
its okay to keep making mistakes, just keep error correcting
if you wouldnt pin the tab, why even make the app?
time isnt the primary factor, know-how is, and transformations
im watching my back trying to watch lky videos in malaysia haha
be a phenomenal fighter for pve not pvp
what are the timeless spaceless principles?
ive only met awesome iranians :)
you are allowed to evolve
its cool that united uses boom and starlink
was a vsauce kid. he created such a sense of scientific wonder. this is the importance of beauty and aesthetics and storytelling
the critical rationalism community and the build in public community are really supportive, i love scenes ala @visakanv
investment is gasoline, not the spark or wood
technology is the best video game. i dont want to sound cliche but it is part of THE infinite game
if you do the math, the beautiful path may reveal itself as viable
look at this dude, love this dude
if youre easy to understand youre easy to help
real steel was a badass movie as a child
bro catan taught me about supply chains and trade agreements haha and geopolitics and macro trade
so china will take taiwan and tsmc, and then gain robotics and ai dominance? idk
Problems are awesome. Find one to fall in love with.
You would have no qualms offering people a cure for heart disease or cancer
With love all things are possible ❤️‍🔥
There is no shame in attempting to solve a problem
Sometimes life saves you from what you want and gives you what you actually need
Money is proof youre solving problems (at least should be)
Love remedies fear, also death can do this
I found my talulah 😭
I want to figure out how to apply critical rationalism to business
if its not timeless, its a waste of time?
be careful not to pollute the memepool in your mind
I want to make a network state called "the flow state"
What would this look like at different exponential magnitudes?
All errors are correctable. All sins are forgivable.
Get your dominos in order
expect imperfection and forgive
business is an art form
Adulthood is parenting yourself
Spotify x pinterest = 🤌
Nice people are the best
david senra has my ear
"people are package deals"
the freedom vibes in texas is infectious and admirable
people with taste converge on the same ideas
people don't realize how bad the past was
i think id be like a pep guardiola. a better coach than a player
friends / infinite game players are so fun to play life with
elon had a ton of "belief capital" from his mom. i see this as a pattern of belief. also kanye and donda
how do you solve performance anxiety? i feel it at ns and on x a bit
"work" should feel like play
i think the most stable gender ratios are 100-0 0-100 and 50-50
where are my bodies of work holy fuck. they just limbs rn
get into peak state. even 10 pushups and 10 squats is a bridge to feeling better
if you can connect the small to the large and vice versa, the calibration reinvigorates
I want to gain business mastery by applying david deutsch’s ideas to the tech world.
Volume eases the mind and lowers stakes.
Should i keep x and farcaster content seperate or cross pollinate the two?
Authorities are largely false.
There is a beautiful path through infinity.
curations -> covers -> creations. a good creative framework / process
Cold emailing is an s tier skill
Pink was apparently only gender-associated in the 50s by marketing firms. I love the color, one of my favs
Traveling is great for life inspo
** ugh i forgot
Sometimes a law may be wrong to exist.
Is consulting always bad because it lacks skin in the game?
If youre not enjoying yourself, youre doing it wrong
Once you try and make something, you realize the miracles all around you. Ala jobs
Vibecoding is like potionmaking
With web3 being built out will come conditional viewing, and more gated internet opacity.
My body was always here, and will always be here. Consciousness is the only thing that rises and falls.
Gottman institute, conjecture institute, and johns hopkins >>>
linkedin's network effects are kickin in
Of the trio: integrity energy intelligence / friendliness ambition nerdiness, which are more stable vs malleable in people generally?
I love being early (temporary contrarian): zcash mewing sleep-maxxing etc
If you don’t travel or do psychedelics, identity gets frozen.
Guys can be so wholesome and supportive to each other its awesome to see :)
If the poor solve problems for the rich, and craft a compelling offer, this cycle perpetuates infinite problem solving.
Get unleashed. Unblock the flow.
“As long as you do your best, where is there room for regret?” - Rick Rubin
Critical rationalists would do well to provide examples of the ideas they promote, to make em more accessible to laypeople.
Memes and genes dovetail.
You can criticize, but conjecture also.
Mistakes can be so embarrassing lol
Optimism x Flow x Solutions = Excellent Life
In my dream house i want a music room with awesome quality speakers where i can take psychedelics and be transported haha
Beauty will save the world - Dostoevsky
Years of experience is one of the worst parts of JDs. Knowledge and skill are what matter, we know this no?
How can we see the invisible cemetery? Ala the inverse of the survivorship bias.
Imagine if in pokemon go you have to go to churches or temples as pokemon centers haha
Child labor, done right, is a good thing.
“You can be happy, even in a castle.” - Marcus Aurelius
The most interesting things in life are bottom-up emergent.
Airbnb was more of a cultural project than a technology project.
The more bandwidth, the better.
What would you do today if you knew you’d die tomorrow?
Taleb was right about broad exposure and being a flaneur...
Relevant problems determine the correct order of operations to create knowledge and solutions.
This is being written with Aqua Voice.
antigravity claude code etc more recently
Markets and entrepreneurship are the manifestations of popperian epistemology, problem-solving ethics, and artists’ aesthetics.
“Husband”: a dad band. Teehee :)
The super-organism is immortal.
Penguins are really cool chill real Pokemon :)
Don't project your frugality onto others.
Frankenstein your life from your best 100 books.
What if you did it casually on purpose to get started?
What if doing it manually was faster?
"His ambitions lie elsewhere."
Never forget there is infinity out there.
Feedback loops are paramount!
What would you do if you were the only person on earth?
Be an amazing ancestor.
The world is full of dopamine dementors.
Farcaster ui upgrade is cool :)
Take children more seriously. Take adults less seriously.
The three primitives: the written word, the spoken word, the sung word.
"Problems aren't permanent facts of life, they're just knowledge gaps." ~ Lords of the Cosmos
You get more of the pie if you grow the pie more.
Action is your shield.
Gemini has been the best AI experience I've ever had. I love how it's built into GSuite, and notebookLM is also amazing.
Clean action is so satisfying.
Close loops and get all the balls out of your court.
"There's always time for great." - Tim Ferriss + Rick Rubin
What would this look like if it were fun?
I'm best in a rock band, not as a solo musician.
Story tell and world build.
Numbers add weight to words.
"Just in time or just in case?"
How can you lower the barrier to starting? "What would this look like if it were easy?"
Irl experience informs url decisions.
"There's always a play."
It’s your responsibility to take care of the quality of your social feeds.
You're looking for high integrity high competence, and to be so.
I'm very careful with how I spend my time, my days, my life... do dis
Solo travel allows you to tabula rasa.
Learning has no speed limit. “The standard pace is for chumps.”
“Always invert.” - Charlie Munger
Create, play, enjoy, solve.
Don't disturb people with headphones on! Common sense ain't so common.
Nobody has a monopoly on truth, or authority on it.
Answer the calls for help.
Ocean man led to Spongebob. Scott pilgrim led to Scott Pilgrim.
I just got my Foil Farcaster Wrapped 2025! 🎁 Click here to get yours made by @thedude & @bribe
Dumb * Iteration = Smart. Smart * Stagnation = Dumb.
Selling is just telling the truth.
Oh my God I love zyns. Just lost my nicotine virginity!!! Hehe
There is always a fun path to optimistically solve problems. It’s the path one should always seek to take.
Who’s going to heal the healer? Haha
Action really does produce information :)
What is the supply and demand tho
“You don’t copy the what, you copy the how.”
Solve high quality problems with high quality solutions.
Work on your craft. No one can take away what's in your head, and in your muscle-memory.
I love love love being surrounded by infinite game players :)
Try and get paid for what you'd already be doing naturally.
Sam Walton's father: "Son, don't be ashamed of your poverty, or proud of it either, just get rid of it fast."
Humans LOVE to reciprocate.
Throw all the puzzle pieces on the table, get the edges in order, then fill it all in.
Act like an owner to gain ownership.
Imagine your future grandchildren and speak to them when making life decisions.
It’s art all around.
Psychedelics and longevity 🤌
Gemini should be embedded into basically every google product.
Excellence is hard-to-vary, yet it can come in different archetypes... I am confusion, wanna figure this out...
The todo list is infinite, so sort by relevance and life priorities.
"We must not concern ourselves with what was, we must act on what is..." - Monk Gyatso
What are you trading your life for?
Free samples and trials build trust with users.
Having good sleep and a family is and should be high-status.
The good or service should do the distribution for itself too.
Hard mode gives the most XP. “Hard” and “fun” can co-exist. The flow state can emerge in any difficulty level.
Brad Jacobs is the slowbro of business.
Find the explanation behind the statistics.
Input does not necessarily equate to output:
You are allowed to be wrong.
There's so much bullshit, noise, drama, gossip, that means nothing at the end of the day.
"If you understand the incentives, you understand the behavior." Look in the mirror on this too.
"Belief comes before ability."
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."
What an s-tier book cover design!
Psychedelics are extremely interesting :)
If I were an instrument, I'd be a bass guitar.
Why are we more accountable to others than ourselves?
Songs are bottled qualia.
If you unclench your asshole, shit comes through.
Antigravity IDE is so good and is 10x cheaper than Claude code, wow...
When am I gonna meet the ghost of Duke Ellington?
"Be so good they cant ignore you." "Quality shows."
I'll only labor out of love.
Why do people have self-imposed ceilings? Even though physics doesn't limit us? I mean there are constraints but still...
Latin phrases just hit hard: - Memento Mori - Amor Fati - Via Negativa
Problems are opportunities to improve.
Admit your ignorance. It's infinite anyway. We ignore 99% of infinity all the time, always.
Seek out eustress ala antifragile. Like cold water for dopamine-maxxing. Also eat eggs for tyrosine (dopamine precursor).
There is a scientific way to solve problems.
Investing taught me about "exposure."
Why do we sometimes catastrophize?
If you understand the system, the answer is algorithmic.
"The obstacle is the way."
“Your boos mean nothing to me, I’ve seen what makes you cheer.” - Rick
Earth is home :)
All puzzles are solvable.
I think a lot of people crave responsibility but aren’t aware of it.
"The value of a company is the sum of all problems solved."
“Make America states again.”
Would your death-bed self regret this?
Idea maze the universe.
You can always invert.
Humans are designed to be together.
Maybe beauty only does its magic when applied to a context, not on its own.
What other things should be made on the internet, besides companies currencies countries? What more could you add to the list?
If you don't have a sense of humor, I'm sus.
Sparring is not fighting.
Combine manifestos and playbooks.
I’m learning that even inaction can be wrong.
This playlist saved my teenage life from existential dread:
"They call themselves writers, but they actually work for Starbucks."
Be an opportunity detector and sniper.
A sense of humor and persuasive voice is a great power of a leader.
Take the current circumstances, and work backward to learn the history and reasons why things are the way they currently are.
Gemini is quite emotionally neutral, I like it...
"GitHub is your resume, Twitter is your character."
“Hard” and “fun” is a false dichotomy.
How does Parkinson's law work? I want to understand human psychology...
"Are they creating new knowledge?"
Let your people be bored.
Aphex Twin is goated.
“Sorry officer, free bird was playing." Guitar solos are one of the pinnacles of masculine expression.
Learning should be relevant. It should be "just in time" not "just in case."
"All effort is unnecessary." - Lulie Tanett
Parkinson’s law applies to time and money.
I'm interested in the intersection of software and bioware.
"People and projects should feel effortless."
YouTube's "Watch later" is just like Spotify's "Liked songs."
Views shouldn't be the only internet metric.
Half of solving a problem is being aware of it.
The more deep work I do, the better the day is.
I don't trust moral relativists.
Where are you pointing your curiosity?
"It's all about the people."
Fractals and beauty symbolically and aesthetically recalibrate you.
“Books are made out of books.” Songs are made out of songs.
Entrepreneurship is good for the world. There are infinite ways to make life and the world better.
You know you love something when you miss it when it’s gone.
There really is no moment but this one.
The personal is the universal.
Don’t forget your freedom.
And on that farm he had a cow
Our species is so cool :)
“That’s just the way it is” = BULLSHIT
Optimal does not mean perfect.
Stable dynamism is possible and preferable.
"All a good life is, is a string of good days."
Cynicism poses as authoritative. Optimism is correct.
The ego can be so gullible.
Every black mirror has a white mirror.
Luis Von Ahn gamified language-acquisition. What else can be gamified? (Embed the flow state conditions with excellent game design)
"If you're easy to understand, you're easy to help."
"Don't do anything someone else can do."
"Who influences the influencers?"
“Stupid is as stupid does.”
Pokemon regions should have exclusive TMs or smth.
Early Jordan Peterson >>>
A person and-or service is a product in the free market.
Apply relevant books and heroes to your life situation.
If you show people the positive transformation, if you show > tell more or less, it's a lot easier to persuade someone.
Once you see the light at the end of the tunnel, sprinting out of the tunnel is fun as hell :)
"Don't ignore your dreams, don't work too much, say what you think, cultivate friendships, and be happy."
"Your work is a tuning fork."
"Curiosity killed the cat."
Turn on the aircon for higher IQ.
"Go for it with gusto."
LLMs don't know what to prompt.
If you understand how to live an excellent life, it's an algorithmic process.
Why are some kids more fun to play with than others?
“A brand is a promise.”
Copying is a shortcut.
Tools are contextual solutions. Value derived is dynamical.
Naval can be wrong, even though he speaks extremely authoritatively and persuasively.
"Don't die" continues life's compounding, so we can surf infinity at higher speeds.
The flow state seems to require a build up time to increase immersion, to enter a new world for a moment.
The cool thing about science is that you can rederive it all from scratch, without any priors.
Dont consider God for epistemological reasons. Consider God for aesthetic reasons.
“Hell yeah or no.” Gotta love sive.rs :)
Let's slow down in life a bit :)
Use LLMs to digest and catalyze text / ideas.
Just as the body has an optimal load when lifting, so does the mind.
What would you do if you were 10?
Claude code terminals really are like stoves. It's like potion-making / alchemy. Throw context in, see what happens :)
Input goals have immediate feedback, one of the three classic flow state triggers.
Stories and mythologies allow humans to live multiple lives.
Claude artifacts >>> I like asking for life "victory paths" and it paints it out for you
"If you want to be a bender, you need to let go of fear."
The soundtrack can make or break a series or game.
How do you find your lennon-mccartney?
If you can't algorithmically summon the solution, you don't understand the mechanistic system.
Aim for a rick and morty future?
Imagine how different your life would have been if born the other gender...
Daoists are centrists lol
practicing backstage helps you on the frontstage.
~"If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life."
Scientists, Musicians, Businessmen >>>
White collars are theorists. Blue collars are practitioners.
I am a future "anti-business billionaire."
“Praise costs nothing and means everything.”
The human spirit is so inspiring.
We're never going to be perfect, and that's a good thing :)
Will you play infinity with me?
“Head in the clouds, feet on the ground.”
Complex does not mean high-quality.
my linkedin got banned lol
Keep me accountable 100 apps 100 essays 100 songs
Just as the body sprints, so does the mind.
“When preperation meets opportunity.”
“If you can’t program it, you don’t understand it,”
Imagine a treadmill company called “hedonic.”
Get out of the idea maze.
why do miracle years and golden ages happen?
What are you addicted to? Is it a good or bad one?
If you are in eustress and not distress, you are doing it right :)
What is the right lead domino to push?
Things that are fun are worth doing. What do you want to do?
"Ain't No Such Things As Halfway Crooks."
Burnout means it's not right for you.
What is the platonic ideal of a cafe?
What is the simplest thing that works?
Be clear about what game you're playing.
Wanna get to 1k commits this year. at 850+ :)
You will see infinity with infinite game players. It'll be a full body yes.
Help yourself, then help others.
You should always feel comfortable to share a decision-option with peeps.
Subcommunication takes up a lot of the bandwidth of communication generally.
Love is a language. You may not speak the same one, from person to person.
Until they can take an action, don’t promote.
A string of good days is a good life.
I love to hoard domains.
Sleep and getting out of the house solved so much.
Business should be fun. Emphasis on SHOULD and FUN.
TV girl is the new smashing pumpkins.
Socrates in a market: “look at all the things i do not need.”
Gatekeepers should know your priorities.
Always embrace positive change and stable dynamism via conjecture, criticism, fun, and optimism.
"It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future." - Yogi Bear
If evidence disproves your theory, modify your theory :)
I'll only labor for love.
The goal is to be energized, organized, clear-minded. Unblocked.
I fuckin love life :) Note to self: find other people who share this enthusiasm.
"Life is too short to work with people you don't admire."
"If you love what you do, they couldn't pay you to stop."
We are just at the beginning, this is just the start :)
Get corrected by physics and by the market.
What is the most true, most good, most beautiful?
If you don’t believe in God, it’s hard to evangelize.
You are not your worst deed.
If you don’t have optionality, you’re fragile?
Build worlds. Dig rabbit holes / bunny trails. Give people what they want.
When cost or regulation comes down, production increases. When creation increases, curation increases.
Porn addiction should be channeled to love. Video game addiction should be channeled to business.
General exposure ensures the global minima.
"The whole world is a classroom."
How much fruit do you need? How many seeds can you plant?
Get a .fun and .work personal site domain.
Never be washed up.
We reenact trauma to right wrongs.
God is optimism anthropomorphized.
Lee Kuan Yew is my grandfather.
You can prompt yourself: Pinterest and Spotify are visuals and audio.
As an extreme giver, it takes practice for me to ask for things. Getting better at it though :)
Humans converge on religion.
"Clear goals, immediate feedback, and challenge-skills balance."
Life is so navigate-able :)
"The world is becoming smaller." - Lee Kuan Yew
Great SCP mini series:
I like people that have been the same for a decade, in an integrity authenticity sense.
"Seamless web of deserved trust" - Charlie Munger
I'm a fuckin magnet for gay guys and older women lol
People who say they aren’t religious are still religious in some ways.
What is in your heart of hearts?
If you had a magic wand, what would you change? Okay, then go learn about it :)
Reality is infinitely nuanced, yet we stereotype and bucket situations based on common patterns.
Maybe perfectionists experienced conditional love growing up.
One size doesn't fit all. All sizes fits all.
Grow the pie, and curate away takers.
The louder you type, the better you code.
"In the limit, we know nothing." -Michael Dell
Who have lived the best lives ever lived?
There always was infinite optionality when it comes to where to point your attention.
For internet aesthetics, just throw shadcn ui and coolors.co color palettes and a nice font at your projects.
If youre going to leave earth, what do you want to leave behind with the time you have?
Life is beautiful as fuck.
What people value is a dynamic thing.
Bezos only made 3 high-quality decisions a day and look where he ended up.
Authenticity is in somewhat short supply.
The agent and the arena co-shape each other.
I may be slow at times, but I’m determined and will get back to you.
Just because someone is family doesn’t mean they’re on your side. Game theory shii? “Family is everything.” Is a useful heuristic though.
Note to self: post all X drafts here on farcaster.
Love is a verb. Do it daily.
There really is no need to fear, I've learned.
Death clarifies. Memento mori.
Suffering is always bad.
Good people are "hard-to-vary?"
Great LSD on-repeat album:
If you ask good questions, you get good answers.
My inner dialogue is so good, shoulda heard it years ago :)
Adore is such a great pseudonymous musician / artist.
"Don't be the best, be the only."
"Play nice, but win" = "Win and help win" = "Put your mask on first."
"You're not chasing numbers, you're chasing trust and relationships."
You are the first member of your family and friends.
"Why" is the ultimate tool of the universe, to study the infinite puzzle.
"The subconscious is older than language."
Just as there is a genetic lineage, there is a memetic lineage.
The best relationships have a "mutual discovery" aspect to them.
I think Thiel was right. Working relationships should ideally have a prehistory.
Take children seriously, including yourself.
I like songs that are both hard AND colorful. like
Most errors in life are suicides not homicides.
Do you have heroes that are younger than you and-or the opposite gender?
"You learn more from your customers than the competition." "Don't look around, look up."
We are valuable because we're different.
Humans aren't meant to be alone. "One person is not enough people."
Imagine if you had a second set of parents... lol
For you algorithms shouldn’t prioritize recency, content from 10 years ago might be what’s most relevant for you right here right now.
Don't be an "intellectual yet idiot."
The proper response to beauty is: "I must change my life."
There's so much to life, sometimes I forget. There is infinity out there, even though sometimes it feels finite.
"All business is is an idea that makes someone else's life better." "Money comes naturally as a result of service."
A bold colorful favicon.ico is enticing, like an attention economy good fishing bait.
Short term strategies only work because death is left uncured.
Integrity, then curiosity, then diligence. All wisdom.
Music is good for your health.
Religion is as true as music is.
Relationships are always repairable.
The grass is greenest where you water it.
Build your economic engine.
The ecosystem is an economy. The universe has a mechanism to it.
BEYBLADE BEYBLADE LET IT RIP
The strongest forces in the world are not top down, but emergent.
The beginning of infinity feels like a magic tome. Books are pretty magical, full of knowledge and word spells.
I don’t work “hard”, I work diligently.
Death is somewhat an illusion.
Short term strategies only work because death is still uncured.
Cap the downside risk (negative unknowns).
Belief capital is underdiscussed.
Take matters into your own hands.
If your life doesn't feel like the most addictive video game you've ever played, you're designing / playing it wrong.
MCPs are the humanoids of the internet.
Musk and Jobs being the paradigmatic examples of entrepreneurship is misleading, there are so many other tasty flavors of founders.
The incentive of the shareholder and customer can be 1:1 aligned, over the long term.
Have a theory of mind for others. Empathy some call it.
"Waste of time, waste of money."
Money is a liquid, wealth is a solid.
Be book smart and street smart. Be an excellent theorist and an excellent practitioner.
"Greatness can come from anywhere."
To engage with a woman is the most manly thing there is.
Build and participate in superorganisms.
Take care of your health and relationships :) 5 pillars of health: sleep sun relationships exercise food
"Problems are your friends." :)
Made this in a few hours :)
I'm in love 😍
Manage your energy, and your time, and your money.
Musicians dont take themselves that seriously. When you unclench your asshole, shit can actually come out lol
Punk rock is so cool.
Actionable insights bridge measurement and improvement.
Low rep, heavy weight, fast workouts are the way!
What would you do if you were 12 in this situation? Its good to be childlike, not childish.
Not doing anything is also one of many choices.
What would your 8 and your 80 year old self think?
The absolute truth is impossible to vary.
Internalize the love people give you.
With the best long youtube videos, you don't skim chapters. The whole thing is bliss.
Your state (physiology) influences your story (psychology). So sleep well, exercise, eat well. Nail the fundamentals of health.
Anxiety is cured through baby step approaches.
The infinite game player is friend to the old and young.
The grindstone ain’t so bad if you have an awesome sword in mind to craft on.
Whether the tide is high or low, the surfer always makes the correct move.
What would this look like if it were great?
Humans think in stories and symbols. I think this is why early Jordan Peterson was so seminal.
Use your magic wand to create more magic wands (constructors from constructor theory).
Questions are the shovels of the universe. A great question allows you to dig into reality and uncover truths.
The true, the good, and the beautiful come as a package.
"Durability is a first-rate virtue."
The victory state is absolutely achievable 🏆
"A founder is the guardian of the company's soul." "In the image of the father."
Self-belief comes BEFORE any evidence.
Because problems are infinite and inevitable, so are opportunities and flow states.
Point your mimesis wisely.
"True interest is revealed early."
"The score takes care of itself." If your input goal is directly connected to your output goal, this is true.
Emergent effects and serendipity are extremely interesting.
"The long term view is the right view."
Authenticity > perfection. Perfection is an asymptote anyway. You can always be honest and authentic though.
Automation is mightily fun, but the last step.
"Repetition does not spoil the prayer."
Do not confuse the having mode vs. the being mode. "Be do have."
My grandfather, and Brad Jacobs, started their first real companies at 23. I'm 23. Let's go...
We all put out signals. You can't NOT signal.
Creativity, art, is non-linear.
CLIs are so fun :)
Life is ordered information.
All it takes is one thing to change your life.
The todo list is infinite, sorted by life relevance. What matters here and now? What is the next step?
Aphex Twin is timeless.
Consciousness -> knowledge -> wealth -> consciousness ->
Games are microcosms of the macrocosm.
No project has to die, in principle.
You can never get tired of the timeless.
Good constraints show you EXACTLY what to do.
Do you understand the system at play? How the puzzle works?
Clear priorities, and speed.
Keep the sabbath holy. Remember what matters in life.
Kanye songs are positive affirmations. Infectious self-belief.
Aim for a cult following. "1000 true fans." History is full of 'em.
"What is the stupidest thing that we're doing?"
Problems won't last forever.
You can't have more than 3 priorities.
"Hell yeah or no."
You are a product of your environment to a degree. The agent and the arena co-shape each other.
Sing it louder ❤️‍🔥
Better to go deep with the good few, than to spread yourself thin.
We didn't start the fire, but it's our responsibility.
Beauty will save the world. -Dostoevsky
No time to waste!
If Claude isn't cookin, what are you doing chef?
You don't need inflation if you can create credit out of nothing.
In a hard money system, someone will always have fair money, the societal IOU.
Alignment is so important. Incentive design?
It's day 1 again.
We are in a golden age surely.
Sleep solves a TON of life problems.
What if you break the rules on purpose? Anything done on purpose isn’t a failure.
Focus on what you want to see more of.
Build whatever stops the bleeding.
A song is feeling bottled.
"Bad ideas can easily hide in complexity."
"Order is the first law of the heavens."
If it repeats, pay attention.
"Beauty is simplicity," and symmetry.
Humans can be obsessed with status games.
It's all one project, the project of your life.
"The story of the father is embedded in the son."
Words of encouragement ABSOLUTELY matter.
When in doubt, subtract.
"Beauty will save the world."
Get clarified, organized, energized.
I live life as a turn-based magic rpg.
Status games are hilarious in retrospect.
Be grateful for your para-social mentors.
I LOVE organizing a workspace / creative process.
Constraints can be really fun :)
The truth brings peace of mind.
Leveraged fun, is speedy relevant transformation.
We are as demi gods.
If it's not fun, you're not doing it right :)
All you have to do is get the ball rolling.
"When you win the morning, you win the day."
I don't want to run through walls, my style is breaking down walls, and stepping through the dust.
"Every industry is a tech industry." - Michael Dell
A stoic chops up life into days. The here and now is all that is relevant.
There is always a higher resolution theory awaiting inventio.
Btc and dontdie have religious undertones. Hmm… makes you think…
There is so much that doesn’t matter lol
Energy and clarity is the way.
"Hell yeah or no!" leads to heaven.
You can be an internet real estate developer.
Can @neynar be the grok for farcaster? id love account summaries.
With death in the picture, there really is nothing to lose.
Everyone is given a name, few make a name. It's always possible though.
What wipes out men: “ladies liquor leverage.”
Heuristic: never watch shorts / reels / tiktoks.
Bezos: I make 3 good decisions a day.
I like how Claude actually pushes back on you and has your best interests in mind.
Love and death summon courage and clarify things.
The flow state is when statistical minds coalesce with algorithmic reality.
There are no rules besides physics.
Love is a verb.
Humans have a natural instinct for ethical symmetry and reciprocity.
I miss kim and kanye together :(
should GitHub just buy vercel?
"Volume negates luck." "Do 100 thing."
A transaction is a mutual "thank you."
"Dancing is a poem with your body."
"Cognition is inherently embodied."
"All life is problem-solving." "A problem is at least 2 competing theories about 'should'."
The best first phrase to learn in a new language is "how do I say *insert word* in *insert language*?"
Either find it or make it.
“Energy management > time management.”
Let the magic emerge.
Instead of choosing, come up with more options till the nobrainer one appears.
I like games that need wikis: w101, minecraft, terraria, life.
Playing childhood games is so nostalgic! wizard101.com :)
I like seeing people's siblings to see what's memetic vs genetic, for the most part...
We are so early at the beginning of infinity. The future is so open ended and can be so awesome :)
There's little reason to be embarrassed.
So many theses and copy are unclear.
snapshot top 3 artists of all time for me: 1) the beatles 2) aphex twin 3) stevie wonder
if you can't program it, you don't understand it. if you don't know the recipe, you can't cook it.
proving people wrong is a powerful flow trigger
ruthlessly violate the chain of command
i think agi is a marketing stunt
a cheeky pint is the hot ones for technologists
Different genes infer different memes?
Comet making it a game so discord picks it up was a great move.
We need to make new timeless art.
I feel least comfortable on instagram, mixed comfort on x, and most comfortable on farcaster.
There is a wondrous machinery that we are a part of, and have no idea the scale of.
The Farcaster community should invest in migration tools into farcaster. Pull X IG TikTok Youtube communities into this protocol.
Take God symbolically, not literally.
There is no resource scarcity because there is no imagination / idea scarcity.
Creativity creates new options, there is ALWAYS other options you could consider.
Participate in this life and world!
There is no purity of genre. There is no seperation.
Your irl feed should look like your Pinterest feed.
How can I get my hands on some nzt-48?
Let's use PageRank style internet metrics instead of flat ass metrics like views or streams.
Not for information... Transformation!
2 + 2 = 4, that's true, but you can't touch it. It's everywhere and nowhere.
If you can empathize, you can persuade.
“God is related to the world the way the mind is related to the body.”
Make room for unknown angels.
Calendly is more inviting than cal. I think it's because of the colors.
It's okay to riff on previous works.
Right here, right now.
The wise internalizes the sage. The athlete internalizes the coach.
Who are the most interesting players to watch in each sport? Messi and Jokic are interesting to me.
There is no free lunch? but why.............
Knowledge solves ignorance. Wisdom solves foolishness.
Music is alchemy. A band is the fusion of its parts.
The carrot works better for me than the stick.
Spotify is my tiktok.
Art is made in the artist’s image.
Claude responses are so much better than gpt for human things. Why do i even pay for chat… for the pdf ragging…
Older women and gay guys love me for some reason lol
What would this look like if it were tiny?
"Back in the 20s, they *blank*"
I think Tim Ferriss is the modern Ben Franklin.
Never forget you can solve all of life's puzzles, if you learn, even if it doesn't feel like it in the moment.
I'm really grateful for farcaster, it's been a release valve.
You are allowed to be imperfect.
“Leave the past where it is.”
Never compromise, use creativity to solve sacrifice. You can always generate a third option that satisfies both parties.
Groovy bass playing >>>
If you have trouble saying no, you actually have trouble saying yes. (learn to untangle)
You can do it all, you just need to learn how and operate within constraints.
Catch early pokemon, level em up, catch cool later stage pokemon.
How to create positive creative constraints?
Guilty pleasures are just pleasures.
Blackpink songs really gotta get rid of that high pitched noise for the lightsticks...
The girlies are thriving 🥰
You can influence generations to come. My grandfather showed me this, long after his death.
The old theory maps onto the new theory.
Good ideas push out bad ones. The good washes out the bad.
~ "Humility is the confidence that you can address your invariant error-making."
I love a clean workspace before beginning. The creative process is as important as the creative output?
A laptop driver update spree is how I imagine Lasik surgery feeling like. Life upgrade!
So grateful for health :) "A sick man only wants one thing."
I just wanna be healthy wealthy wise like the founding daddy ben franklin 😩
I want to do so many things way faster than the current speed… ugh!
I just wanna get a job at acme inc 😩
Should each promising L1 have it’s own social media?
The flow is always there, there’s just something blocking it.
Compound quality, quantity matters less.
The platform isn’t evil, it’s a tool, it’s all about how you’re wielding it / using it.
What a beautiful planet! 🌍
Think in resolutions. It’s okay to release a sketch while you get to a pixel-perfect version. Everything is a work in progress.
It’s kinda funny how we have 2 genders. Why did biology choose that? Why not just 1?
The wood bleeds. “The old gods and the new.”
Infinite puzzle, infinite flow.
Kids are born enlightened.
Make sure you make decisions you can be proud of, regardless of outcome. Inner scorecard shii. "The score takes care of itself."
Ready to be a branch on the tree of life?
All errors are correctable :)
20% of your days account for 80% of your life.
Life is comedy improv.
"Be so good they can't ignore you."
Grandmas are so sweet and wholesome 🥰
"Set up scaffolding for peak life experiences."
Almost to 1000 GitHub commits this year! PR shii... personal record, not pull request...
Look to your heroes' heroes. Who influences the influencers? Who or what is upstream?
"If a creative doesn't create, she withers."
Latin phrases hit hard lol: Gradatim Ferociter Amor Fati Memento Mori
Bring the subconscious into the light, and the unconscious will rise into the subconscious.
"Do less than you think you can." Do it badly on purpose to get started?
Could China-native Internet-native people parachute into the big Chinese manufacturing machine? So we get the best of both worlds?
This ZEC monies is quite nice :)
Greatness is "hard to vary."
Where are you low supply high demand?
It’s helpful to explore different times and spaces to see what’s timeless and spaceless.
There are planet B’s lol
I’m sure I’d love heroin lol
Mamma mia burned ABBA songs into my head lol
Try on different identities, like hats.
Remember that you are free.
What if you indulged "procrastination" and "distraction" and "guilty pleasures?"
ChatGPT outputs feel so messy. I'll have to solve this...
Psychology and psychedelics are infinitely interesting.
I'll never give up. Death is at my back.
"No two people speak the same English."
Everything is a work in progress.
I feel bad for people that torture themselves.
If you can die, what are you afraid of?
The Beatles didnt take themselves seriously :)
Kombuch for the gooch...
If the jester falls, the kingdom falls.
Create the new lindy things.
What are you going to do with the time you have on this Earth, in this life?
“Relationships run the world.”
Songs exist for the moments they resonate.
** = personal shorthand for when i forget something but want to note that forgetting.
“Love isn’t a feeling, it’s an existential stance.” - John Vervaeke
Keep the flame alive.
No amount of anger will solve the puzzle faster.
In the limit, noone knows anything.
“Belief comes before ability.” And note that belief doesn’t need to come from within necessarily, it can also come from without.
Michael dell david senra ep out :)
Break people out of their own mental prisons.
The 3 primitives: the written word the spoken word the sung word
Everything should feel like play. If it feels like drudgery, its no good (some coercion at work).
Sometimes all someone needs is an encouraging word, it's insane how little it takes to put someone on a better path.
You don’t know what you’ll think up tomorrow. Human creativity is unpredictable.
Go to school on everyone.
Design the castle, lay the brick.
I am a master note-taker...
Even hard mode can be fun.
Life is a grand quest.
What does your inner scorecard look like? “The score takes care of itself.”
What if you were radically practical and low introspection?
Love is scary, but it’s the most real thing out there. It’s what it’s all for. It’s supposed to change you.
If you aren’t open to being wrong, you’ll be forever lost.
Religion catches you at your lowest.
Did Jesus want to be crucified?
The ns diaspora is interesting. Many adventures have been had already out in the world :)
“Hell yeah or no!”
When it takes work to pull you away from "the work", that's when you know you were in the flow state.
Antifragility is error-correction. L-drago shii
what if whatsapp shared location like life360 or findmyiphone, for friends and shii
If you understand why, you can begin to positively intervene.
Maybe everyone will have a personal brand and merch store?: like
Productive fun is absolutely possible.
Forgive yourself and others. We are all fallible.
"You want to be a temporary contrarian."
I want the scales pulled off my eyes.
Build windmills before the wind blows.
Your body’s state drives your mind’s story.
I think i have a high tolerance for uncertainty, but i also have a high desire for clarity.
We got to solve entropy in time…
Gpt voice mode wowzers its good!!!
Apply the old to the new, the timeless to the timely.
Play to people’s incentives. Figure out what people want, put yourself in their shoes, etc.
As long as there is attention, there is monetization.
Please bug test. Idk what easier way to spotify oauth…:
Farcaster has been so welcoming so far. Reminds me of the summer of 97 if im using that reference correctly…
Pink is a great color. Apparently was gender-associated in the 50s, but that’s quite arbitrary.
Penguin cafe orchestra and this are great study/work albums/artists:
I feel im a better coach than player, like a rick rubin…
all i wanna do is build bodies of work.
everyone be learning chinese nowadays
For all you Derek Sivers fans, get some free books while you can :)
Monopoly last night taught me how to deal-make. fun :)
Tech is so much like shonen.
Met a paypal mafia member. Pretty cool…
“Go slow to go fast.”
Love is what it’s all for.
I always want to feel good posting half-baked thoughts on farcaster, no matter who’s in the audience.
Spotify and pinterest >>> They cover audio-visual
What were the best lives ever lived? S tier lives?
You are allowed to change your mind.
Social capital is more powerful than capital. Just be friends with people though and don’t play games, except the infinite game :)
makes me orgasm 🥵 haha
The true, good, and beautiful come together as a package.
Be an adventure capitalist.
Humans love comparison and hierarchies.
Children are so innocent and uncorrupted its so great to learn from them :)
I respect follower quality more than quantity.
Athletes call it belief, the religious call it faith, fallibalists call it optimism.
Happy to see all the busy bees at ns. Swarm intelligence shii
Trust-fall into each other.
Music should make you stank face...
Music can make the anime.
Idk about you but I think humans work best in teams.
Google’s free tools are top of funnel plays.
Compound your experiences, if you can.
I want a fully programmable internet…
You should get micro-paid for seeding torrents.
The internet is absolutely an s-tier invention.
Follow the energy, it fills into all areas of life :)
I would sooo date beabadoobee she plays bass...
My favorite colors are white pink orange red yellow black :)
It’s all for love.
Time washes away much.
“Don’t be the best, be the only.”
Try it on. Demonstrate.
optimism is not "glass half full," it's turning on the tap.
Beauty points you toward perfect infinity.
At this point, no new friends from scratch. Referrals only lol
"Question, delete, optimize, accelerate, automate."
True creativity is in the prompt.
"But explicit philosophy only takes you so far."
For all you @sivers fans, get free books while you can :)
My favorite accounts on X thread🧵:
IM JUST TRYNA BALL WITH MY BROS
fun fact: before Maslow died, he extended his hierarchy of needs by adding 3 more layers.
“twitter is planetary slack.” “everyone on earth is my co-worker.”
fascinating book review thread re: morality and money
humans alive vs dead, of all time:
preventing a good thing is a bad thing.
your cringe is my opportunity.
to an open mind, there are no hot takes.
"I like making music more than releasing it." - @AphexTwin
“no” is a skill.
pick the right door before you lock in.
1/100 who: @gigimp1 @adamtpang where: @thenetworkstate
“face up to life.”
these AIs aren’t gonna prompt themselves!
all your ancestors got you to this point.
you can’t force seeds to grow faster than they will, but you can plant like a madman.
the body has amazing thoughts.
originality, internet, and networks. @benaverbook
the less authentic, the more vulnerable.
we don’t pay enough attention to religion.
we don’t pay attention to religion enough.
happy avril 14th :)
the only thing you can change is here and now.
God is infinity anthropomorphized.
an invisible man is a dead man.
learning is proportional to humility.
sell to internet, buy from china.
everyone is an investor.
you can always do your best.
fast and steady wins the race.
we are so one globe..
there is no final answer.
we all can make it.
“You can’t be everything to everyone.”
Today's vitamins are tomorrow's painkillers.
"Obvious to you, amazing to others."
Prompting is positive sum gambling.
Spartan body, Athenian mind.
today’s vitamins are tomorrow’s pain-killers.
Listen to someone's mother tongue to hear their true articulation.
The spirit of america matters more than the manifestation of america.
You can’t escape you.
The fact that you're on the fence means it's a no.
The timeless is always timely.
We go to in-person events for the figurative and literal “extra dimension.” From 2D to 3D.
“Go big, because we all go home.”
Get used to solving multivariate problems.
Do some people not have a conscience?
Transactional does not mean soulless.
Age has little bearing on maturity.
~ “Your skin is a mouth. If you wouldn’t eat it, don’t put it on your skin.”
Cultures begin with one.
The means and ends both matter.
Give into the placebo, it actually helps.
Being, awareness, and acceptance, are the first steps.
"There is pain in both options."
“If you want the wrong answer, ask everyone.”
Listen to your cognitive dissonance.
Ayn Rand’s “selfish” could use a new word.
Notes to self are notes to you.
History never gets old.
Phone, wallet, keys, will eventually be consolidated to one thing.
A part of trauma is a misunderstanding of reality. Experiencing what you expect is not traumatic, no?
Evolution is a "good enough" system.
It can be hard to read the unwritten rules.
"I swear it by the old gods and the new.”
Is Buddhism the pussy religion?
You don't know what you'll think up tomorrow.
what do you love to produce that others love to consume?
The only thing to beg for is the question.
Vector sum is a great analogy for life.
As we build out the old sci-fi ideas, the new sci-fi ideas will emerge. This is the infinite frontier.
Hard does not mean impossible.
Infinity begins here and now.
Names are life prompts.
The outer adult grows around the inner child.
Try to keep your ego in check.
Since there are infinite problems, there are infinite opportunities.
Rejection hurts, but let’s be fair. You reject constantly.
Is it a brag or is it credibility?
Religions are lindy as fuck.
If you were in Germany, you could have been a nazi.
We are still unlearning Covid.
Time heals because the person who was hurt is no longer that person.
You love the things in life that you want to see more of.
Excuse me? lol love this.
The calendar is like playing guitar hero / rock band.
The calendar is the quest log.
Language models and language itself, are lossy compressors.
If it can be deleted, delete it. If it can be postponed, postpone it.
"Time carries most of the weight."
If you keep thinking about it, do something about it.
Just do what you think is right, and leave the rest to fate.
Truth cannot be unseen.
the home, market, gymnasium, academy, and shrine are all you need.
The unwritten rules can be hard to read.
We infinitely lack and we infinitely have. Gratitude is just a shift in attention.
Grandparents and grandchildren have a natural synergy.
You are both trainer and pokemon.
"Self-obsession is the root of all unhappiness."
"Balaji Srinivasan on the Core Purpose of Startups" source:
~ "LMs are lossy compressors."
Gratitude is the cheapest therapy.
"Every obstacle is an opportunity for virtue."
You can reject the premise.
Is alchemy the price of innovation?
"All evils are due to lack of knowledge."
artist art audience fit is the same as founder product market fit.
If there is even one counter example, then it wasn’t a sufficient variable.
When it's bed time, literally turn off your phone.
If you died right now, what would you regret not doing? Then just go do that!
Would your death bed self regret this?
You are your ancestors. You are your descendants.
Soul music actually refills the soul.
Don't take the concept of "God" too literally.
The best things in life are often free and ineffable.
Songs are feelings in a bottle.
By dwelling, you miss the opportunity.
Social media is more for reach than engagement.
Popularity has no bearing on quality.
To get good at most anything, simply do 100 reps of it.
The converted skeptic is an evangelist.
You could die. Just do the thing.
Don’t trust the light if there isn’t some darkness to it.
Trust actions, not words.
Whoever curated the FIFA soundtracks deserves a raise.
"If you cannot hold your calendar in your head, you are too busy."
We are like songs that listen to each other.
Flow is when the map and territory are one.
"Courage is the only virtue you can't fake."
The UK is music OP.
Critiques are a gift.
When you win a game, you must stop playing. Higher games await.
“All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy”
People often have mixed motivations for what they do.
Being gay with the homies &gt;&gt;&gt;
Life is so much more than you think it is.
"Do not look around, look up."
“your work ethic is limited by your rest ethic.”
"Balaji Srinivasan at the 1517 Assembly" source:
curate your feeds. shape the algorithms that shape you.
life is deeply strange.
genetic codebases “merge to main” all the time..
"an eye for an eye makes everyone blind."
you know you're making good long term decisions when your past self saves your ass.
being too nice is sus.
“care about people’s approval, and you will be their prisoner.” - Lao Tzu
truth-seekers converge on truth (see independent emergence).
insights consolidate the mind.
awareness, understanding, and action are all you need.
slope is predictive of y-intercept.
never let politics get in the way of family.
if it does not break physics, it is possible.
if incest is bad if race is just extended family then aiming for mixed kids is good, no?
"what would this look like if it were easy?" - @tferriss
we are unaware of 99% of life.
this isn't a hardship contest.
basically, as long as you aren’t violent or coercive, at worst, you’re ethically neutral.
capital is allocated based on expectation. dopamine is allocated based on expectation.
there is a shortage of good music.
make your grandchildren proud.
don't have the perfect answer to the wrong question. don't play the wrong game really well.
"failure is irrelevant unless catastrophic." what matters is the output of the SET of decisions, not any one decision.
use mimesis for the unimportant. use principles for the important.
it's a good sign of independent thinking when you disagree with your heroes, the people you admire most.
many things in life are reversible.
christianity and buddhism could consolidate.
the gymnasium was next to the academy was next to the shrine. we should bring them together again.
better to be wise than smart.
everyone is relevant to everyone in different ways and to different degrees. reminds me of universal gravitation.
walking in nature really recharges. wowzers.
never let the fire die out.
i feel like i’ve been charging up my kamehameha for a decade, and it’s only recently that i’m blasting it lol
higher dimensionality is almost ineffable.
~ "look at all the things i do not need." - Socrates
only 1-2 things actually matter, at any given time.
live mantras till they break.
repeat mantras till they break.
put the story down when the protagonist passes you.
life is infinite in its breadth and depth.
philosophy is annoying, unless it's relevant.
there is no separation.
creativity is almost compulsive.
lucid dreaming is yet another reason to look forward to sleep.
what you want is transformational truth, not mere truth.
i wanna give @DavidDeutschOxf a burst fade lol
you can like kanye and taylor.
each of us holds fragments of the map.
life is increasingly an mmorpg.
there is no free lunch, but cheap lunch exists.
break the rules of thumb.
maybe the body is the wisest part of the mind.
“we are the keys to each other’s locks.” we can see each other’s blind spots.
travel is great for breaking frames and time travelling.
upfront incentive design is paramount.
"the audience comes last. make the thing, for you, the audience."
your hometown is a local minima.
be as open as a lefty. be as conscientious as a righty. be as transcendent as an uppy.
if you like books and kpop, you like “antifragile.”
to learn about you is to learn about me. to learn about me is to learn about you.
get the bad creations out of your system.
be grateful for life! you could be dead you know.. lol
"Let's Make a Pokemon Game!" source:
with BCIs, what if there is a future X where instead of scrolling through words, it’s feelings? a qualia feed.
never let incompetence be twisted into a fake virtue.
opulent consumption killed john lennon.
all it takes is one creation to point to the portfolio.
a good reputation can take a hit.
lyrics don’t matter as much as vibes. (see foreign, instrumental, and classical music)
"if you actually do your best, where is there room for regret?"
the internet allowed people's minds to deviate more than usual, even if we largely remained rooted in the same physical locations.
some truths can only be felt, not thought.
virtue pointed in the wrong direction is vice.
if you can ignore it, it’s not a problem.
if it's quality, they won't mind the quantity.
fold. fold. fold. fold. all in.
kombuch for the gooch.
fallibilism is the philosophy of "maybe."
follow the founders of your favorite products.
be honest internally and externally. honesty is one way that truth is transmitted.
"easy choices, hard life. hard choices, easy life."
how is your inner scorecard lookin like?
we are far from the platonic ideal of the internet.
“to whom much is given, much is expected.”
basically, you've only met 1/10,000,000 of the population.
meditation and psychedelics can untangle the mind.
being and awareness are the first steps.
"what is one 'meta move', that helps to solve all your top problems?"
love is actually the answer.
~ “we may meet, but you must earn it.”
a cup subtracts, by adding water.
why does the placebo effect exist?
i have a soft spot for the misunderstood.
crazy? or just early..
you could be a future fossil. live accordingly.
you literally can't have quality without quantity.
it never ends, but that's a good thing.
notch made Minecraft in 6 days.
yes and no are life's levers.
entrepreneurs are employees of capitalism.
be both clear thinker and clear feeler.
so as long as your genes and memes spread, you can die in peace?
we pass karma from today, to tomorrow's life.
there is more than meets the eye
memes are more malleable than genes.
be free from the shackles of expectation.
sometimes, the side quest contains the reward you needed for the main quest.
we have different inputs, so OF COURSE we have different outputs.
if you want to meet your heroes, be heroic.
your attention is going 100% somewhere. where are you allocating it?
point the arrow of attention outward.
everyone is changeable and redeemable. of course the seed of change must come from within.
why does saying "trump" feel like harry potter: "he who must not be named" lol
do not demonize or deify any one method.
there are some things you should give up on. there are some things you should never give up on.
the timeless things are worth repeating.
what is the root cause bottleneck to solving your top problem?
create curate create curate.
every notification notifies you to turn off notifications.
“you can both fit in, and stick out, in good and bad ways.”
i feel like one of @naval's sons.
keep following your admiration for people, and it eventually becomes a circle jerk.
as long as art aims for high quality and high authenticity, what more can you ask for?
X is for where your mind has been. IG is for where your body has been.
i can’t afford spacex merch yet so i settle for reebok merch lol
“your vibe attracts your tribe.”
“diversity in counsel, unity in command.”
minimalism optimizes the past. what it’s missing is the great unknown.
if the idea comes back to you, work on it.
“life is a magical odyssey to be experienced.”
you are someone’s society. be a good society.
how can we die when we were never born?
why did we stop writing testaments?
1 person is all it takes, to turn a 0-way interaction into a 2-way interaction.
why is LinkedIn a dating app... LOL
different religions are like different spoken languages. different words are said, and basically the same concepts are referred to.
it's SO easy to see the blind spots in others, and you think you don't have any? please...
you focus on capital, but not on social capital. great relationships are one of the great pillars of life.
unconditional love is priceless.
accept reality. what else are you going to accept?
we are always primitive.
all are given a name. few make a name.
we know some things, but close to nothing.
you are what you do. you are not what you do not do.
creative miracles. infinite game players.
perfection is an asymptote.
identity is a shallow thing.
small minima, small winima.
you watch your physical diet, but not your digital diet.
we earn with virtue, open to all.
stop pedestalizing people. 1) it prevents friendship. 2) it can hurt your agency.
i don't think its a coincidence that the #1 and #2 wealthiest people in the world were both science fiction nerds.
word of the day = "inventio": "to both discover AND invent."
every business is a lifestyle business. Elon has a Martian lifestyle.
openness is variation. conscientiousness is selection.
compete at not competing.
i like how some people dont use social media at all. they are the control group.
its crazy how people are relevant to people, in different ways and to different degrees. it feels like universal gravitation.
guys dont rizz up other guys enough lol.
status structures should only be applied to meritocracies of virtue.
no matter what you do, you polarize people. no matter what you do, you signal something.
dont TRY to make mistakes, but be WILLING to.
if hercules was never put to the test, we would not know exactly how strong he was.
did you outpace entropy today?
i love my species. memes coordinate like no other.
tell it like it is. say the quiet part out loud. truth is paramount.
everyone is capable of heaven and hell.
some people are better at being themselves than others.
if you havent built, you feel guilt.
black coffee is nzt-48.
black coffee is nzt.
tap into the superorganism.
the minecraft kids are waking up.
there are amazing things, out there in the unknown.
be so good you cant be ignored. ignore so much only the good remains.
hidden between followers and following, are peer relationships.
go hangout, don't drink, still enjoy.
who knew cults and dictatorships could be good...
Documentation's past and future. @verdakorz
women are constants. men are variables.
it's impossible to not make mistakes.
we are earth made conscious. we are the alive things emergent from the dead things.
whoever made FIFA soundtracks deserves a raise.
are you adding signal or noise?
the only thing worth regretting is regretting itself.
are you adding to signal or noise?
Infinite problems, infinite solutions.
dna test came back: 100% big bang.
notifications can turn you into a pavlovian creature.
we are monkeys living in the tech tree.
everything old, was once new.
there is so much life offline.
a romance with Billie, a bromance with Finneas.
call it how you see it. say what you think. we can't read your mind.
if you don't put any input, how do you expect any output?
don't you want people to be free and honest?
nothing shows the holes in your understanding quite like explaining yourself.
"The Mike Wallace Interview with Ayn Rand" source:
i think i just converted a communist. this is the lords work lol.
if you're an infinite game player, and somebody wrongs you, it's their loss.
false dichotomies are funny.
to get better at anything, just do 100 of it.
hit Maslow's from the side.
the infinite game has a recurring cast.
people can be so complicated holy shit.
through volume, your signature is known.
the buried Rosetta stone was a great product, with terrible marketing.
sometimes I'll people-watch, like I'm at a zoo's human exhibit, and forget I'm the same species lol.
if you're looking for flaws, you'll find them, no matter how good the thing is.
i don't follow my mom on social media, but that doesn't mean i don't love her lol.
nothing. trickle. tsunami. 0. 1. n.
the world has so much abundance its insane. so much to be grateful for.
football is vector sum and geometric angles to goal states. everything is connected its insane.
we can be so much better than we are.
human races are like dog breeds lol.
life is a funny thing.
body-wise, we are the same species. mind-wise, we are different species.
you can't get tired of the timeless.
in some ways, we are insanely primitive.
every new day is an infinite reset.
every 2x2 matrix has a hidden diagonal path.
we can wield the internet so much better than we do.
words are just one form of communication.
criticize if you want, but look in the mirror first.
i don't care how much i change, the ship of Theseus will make it to its destination.
difficulty of creation has no bearing on its quality.
cold bath after waking. hot bath before sleeping.
Building and networking. @JaredStivala
you never want to be chased by a Jamaican or a Kenyan.
a man needs just enough fish to learn how to fish.
keep subtracting, and what is left, is the answer.
you dont need a big dick. just the energy.
true good beautiful = epistemology ethics aesthetics.
i love this. @ToKTeacher is both popper and kpopper.
every post is a commit to the collective consciousness codebase.
you may not be original in your Legos, but you may be original in your configuration.
Singapore = lah lah land.
throwing away ancient wisdom is foolish.
Proof-of-workout: @thenetworkstate @balajis @bryan_johnson
"Elon Musk Five Step Improvement Process" source: @Erdayastronaut
are you in a local minima or the global minima?
memento mori is dead.
i seek ahas and hahas.
get all the balls out of your court.
fiction is not fiction.
once you try to create something, you realize the miracles all around you. they were there the whole time.
what are we doing differently if another pandemic comes?
an encouraging word is heard for miles.
health heuristic: "did @bryan_johnson do it?"
make those who reject, regret.
live so you like you. find people like you. they will like you.
"Football Club Elo Ratings" site:
I like music, sport, and stories, all for the same reason. Symbolism.
it's gonna be messy before it's gonna be messi
luddites are always wrong
anything done out of neediness is an instant regret.
the most populous country, india, has 1.4 billion. the internet, the "cloud continent", has 5.3 billion
milton friedman insight: people spend on expectation of earnings, not actual earnings.
Don't you see all the power laws around you?
the greeks spent more time in the gymnasium than the academy
Science is the religion killer.
The internet made the loneliness crisis. The internet solves the loneliness crisis.
Courage is an s tier virtue.
New religions do not announce themselves as such.
First internet dollar 🥹
Try to beat the final boss on the first try.
Trite but true: "you do you."
Compress ideas and actions into mantras for low bandwidth moments.
Compress ideas and actions into mantras for those low bandwidth moments.
A clear conscience is priceless.
You can change your IQ and Big 5.
Solve problems and help solve problems.
There is no final song.
Spinoza's God = Logos = Dao.
If it makes you laugh, there is truth in it.
Do it casually on purpose to get started.
Point your code and media to each other.
Who would you be without your gender?
In capitalism, you sow specifically, reap generally.
There are hidden economies everywhere.
The most common problem is problematizing.
Polarize along authentic vectors.
Be a good PageRank node.
Death is a 1-way door.
Never allow cowardice to be a bottleneck.
Elon is unlocking the Mars DLC.
DNA is the immortal creature.
Every person is a mosaic of vectors.
Allocate in proportion to conviction.
If there is doubt, there is no doubt.
Flow "is the meaning of life". A man in flow would not ask the trite question.
Problem -&gt; Understanding -&gt; Action
There is no speed limit to action.
The fastest way to do something is to not do it at all.
Stress is untaken action.
dopamine is the first economy, the first and foremost budget.
i like how the mind auto forgets
When the puzzle is complete, you now have a new piece.
Now is all there ever was or will be.
isn't it crazy that we can trace our lineage to the first lifeform on earth, in an unbroken chain?
How do you live an s-tier excellent life?
the nerd in me cackles at the shit i used to post
i went to college just to dropout haha
mic check mic check test 12 12
100 thread thread 🧵
# Online IDE - Code Editor, Compiler, Interpreter print('Welcome to Online IDE!!
Happy Coding :)') # so in order to get to a 10/10 life, live 10/10 days.
# what is today's rating then?
okay then why is it not 10/10?
# well i want to shower, clean room, and make extreme success progress # toward capitalism speedrunning cashflow / income.
okay why dont i # have that cashflow yet?
# get a web interface to talk to God, openclaw?
or jake the dog.
# whats the right identity framing?
# if i cost 24k per year, how do i make 36k+ per year?
use the best tools.
His answer begins with an act of destruction.
Science is about explaining what's really out there and our best explanations say something shocking: reality is far larger than it appears.
Quantum mechanics, taken seriously, reveals a multiverse of parallel universes.
This isn't speculation bolted onto the theory.
It is the theory.
Single photons interfere with invisible "shadow" photons that must exist somewhere.
Denying this requires adding bad, ad-hoc stories to the physics exactly the kind of easy-to-vary explanation Deutsch teaches us to reject.
Reality, he argues, is woven from four threads: quantum physics, the theory of knowledge, computation, and evolution.
These aren't separate subjects they're one fabric.
A quantum computer works because computations happen across parallel universes simultaneously.
Evolution creates knowledge (encoded in DNA) through variation and selection.
And epistemology the study of how we know things ties it all together, because understanding any of this requires good explanations.
The Beginning of Infinity then asks: what makes an explanation good?
The answer is deceptively simple: a good explanation is hard to vary while still accounting for what it purports to explain.
Every detail plays a functional role.
"The gods did it" is easy to vary swap in any god, any motive, any method.
It explains everything, therefore nothing.
But "the Earth rotates on its tilted axis" explains seasons in a way where changing any detail breaks the explanation.
That's how you know you're close to truth.
From this single criterion, everything else unfolds.
Knowledge doesn't come from observation it comes from creative conjecture, then ruthless criticism.
All knowledge is fallible, permanently improvable, never final.
Deutsch draws a sharp line between static societies, which suppress criticism to preserve the status quo, and dynamic societies, which institutionalize error-correction.
The Enlightenment was humanity's first sustained dynamic society and it was, quite literally, the beginning of infinity.
The deepest theme across both books is reach.
Some explanations, some systems, some ideas make a jump to universality they transcend the parochial circumstances of their creation and apply everywhere.
Human minds made that jump.
We are universal explainers, universal constructors.
We are not at the end of knowledge.
We are at the very beginning.
And the beginning has no end.
heres a free tool.
takes a todo list and ai will sort each sentence by topic, then you can tier list them.
built off an idea called "interrupt coalescing": insert the ted ed youtube video
adasdasdasdasd adasda sdas dadas
The moment someone makes you second-guess yourself, you shell up.
Subscribe for free to receive new posts and support my work.
It seems better to actually share what you think instead of performing.
It’s about creating conditions where authenticity can flow.
I notice this gradient across platforms.
Instagram feels the most status-game-y, the most performative.
On X, I polish.
But on Farcaster, I feel free: I post actual thoughts, half-formed ideas, and genuine curiosity.
The difference isn’t the platform, it’s the audience, the quantity and quality.
It’s who’s watching and whether I trust them to receive my thoughts with curiosity instead of judgment.
Julia Cameron talks about this in *The Artist’s Way*.
The necessity of psychological safety when making art.
It’s hard to create authentically when you’re performing for an audience that induces shame or fear.
It’s helpful to “curate the room.” But this extends beyond art.
It applies everywhere truth matters.
My mom is a CEO.
I asked her: “If your employees felt like they couldn’t speak up, you wouldn’t like that, right?” She said yes immediately.
Even in hierarchies, if truth isn’t paramount, everyone loses.
The CEO loses access to reality.
Employees can’t do their best work and hide.
The company drifts from what’s actually happening.
David Deutsch has given us powerful frameworks for knowledge creation and error correction.
But there’s something missing: the psychological conditions that make good epistemology possible.
You can have the best ideas about pursuing truth, but if speaking up feels dangerous, none of it matters.
Beware of static memes and people that champion static memes, people that employ coercion and violence to strangle freedom of expression.
It reminds me of music-making.
Rick Rubin talks about demonstrating ideas, every idea should be able to be shown before you shut it down.
Life can be short.
There’s no sense playing an infinite game with finite players.
Seek out people who can handle half-formed thoughts, your disagreements, your honest perspective, in good faith, and consider perspectives.
That’s not just what’s best for the art, that’s what’s best for pretty much everything.
im trying this new thing where i ship mini artifacts: songs essays apps podcasts etc.
so im aiming for volume now: speed and quantity.
ive been learning from ed sheeran and how he turns on the "dirty tap" of creativity.
what does that mean for each form factor of artifact?
